welcome to foods 101 i'm Deronda and
today i'm going to show you how to make
these butter milk pancakes light fluffy
delicious and there's a little bit of a
secret you need to know so follow
carefully and you'll find out what it is
you're going to need one and a half cups
of all-purpose flour two tablespoons of
sugar 2 teaspoons of baking powder one
teaspoon of baking soda and 1/2 teaspoon
of salt I have 1 egg 2 tablespoons of
melted butter
1/4 of a cup of milk and 1 and 1/2 cups
of buttermilk and make sure your
buttermilk and your milk are at room
temperature along with your egg alright
first I'm going to go ahead and
incorporate the dry ingredients together
so there's my sugar of my baking powder
baking soda and salt and you're going to
give this a nice little whisking so
you're going to incorporate this very
very well and then next we're going to
add okay that looks good enough and next
we're going to add the milk to the
buttermilk and we're going to add the
egg which I'm going to break the egg
okay into the bowl and give it a nice
little whisking here and you're going to
add it right here into your wet
ingredients along with your melted
butter okay and give this a nice little
whiskey and incorporate all these
ingredients well together okay
bye next we're going to pour this I'm
going to incorporate it just a little
bit more you want to make sure you get
those ingredients well combined and now
we're going to put it right into the dry
ingredients alright here's the secret to
these delicious buttermilk pancakes that
make them light fluffy and absolutely
delicious you're just going to barely
mix in the dry ingredients with your wet
ingredients until your dry ingredients
are just combined with your wet
ingredients and your batter is going to
be lumpy it's not going to be smooth as
you can see what I've done here okay and
as you can see right here you've got a
few little lumps in there that's what
you're wanting okay let me go ahead and
get that stirred around just a little
bit more and now you're going to leave
this for ten minutes sitting here in the
bowl and you're going to let all the
glutens in the flour and all these
ingredients just marry well together
without stirring anymore okay that's
enough now come over here with me
and I'll show you how to get the
Gribble's started to put these pancakes
on and get them cooking
well the batter has set for ten minutes
and we're not going to stir it and then
I've got my skillet here on medium heat
and let's see if it's ready for those
pancakes I'm dabbing a little water into
the skillet as you can see these little
dabs of water or sizzling so the skillet
is definitely red I'm just taking a 1/2
cup measuring cup and I'm scooping out
the batter without stirring it and I'm
adding it right into the skillet this is
a nonstick skillet if you'd like you can
add a little oil or a little bit of a
butter to it before you fry it if this
is going to take two and a half minutes
well about two two and a half minutes
keep your eye on it when it starts
drying out around the edges of the
pancake and you see bubbles form on the
top you'll know that's the time to turn
your pancake as you can see right here
and I'll be back in ten minutes and I'll
show you what it's like as you can see
it's been about two minutes and you can
see the edges of the pancake how it's
dry and have the bubbles have formed
here on the top now it's time to turn
the pancake you're just going to go
around
in cake like this make sure it's loose
give it a nice little flipping and look
how delicious and yummy that light and
fluffy buttermilk pancake looks mmm
can't wait to sink my teeth into those
right we're going to give this one more
a minute and go ahead and do the rest of
your pancakes and I'll come back cutting
to tell you what it tastes like it's
time to give these pancakes a try I add
a little bit of butter now you don't
need to do this but I just can't eat a
pancake without some butter okay and
I'll just put the rest up here who let
it melt nice and slowly and then I've
got a little bit of maple syrup I'm
going to add here and look how nice and
fluffy and delicious those turned out
I'm gonna dig into it kind of tell you
what it's going to be like show the
inside there oh yeah
light and airy mmm wow that is one
fluffy delicious mmm light pancake
Wow gotta have another bite lookee there
and listen you can put anything on it
you want
you've got blueberries strawberries
bananas pecans walnuts but hey it's
delicious just myself hope y'all get
these try i'm toronto with foods 101 and
i'll catch you next time